---
title: "Dataset"
bg: '#63BD2F'
color: white
fa-icon: plug
---


<p align="justify">
<strong>
After further processing the chains, I got the individual words or phrases from each chain, its corresponding sentence number and chain number. From this data, I arranged the phrases into every possible pair they could form, their corresponding sentence and chain numbers, whether they belonged to the same sentence or chain, and if they belonged to the same chain, the size of the chain they belonged to. So, essentially, the features of the dataset I formed were:
<br>
<ol>
	<li>Phrase A</li>
	<li>Phrase B</li>
	<li>Sentence Number of Phrase A</li>
	<li>Sentence Number of Phrase B</li>
	<li>Chain Number of Phrase A</li>
	<li>Chain Number of Phrase B</li>
	<li>Whether A and B belong to the same chain</li>
	<li>If A and B belong to the same chain, size of the chain</li>
	<li>Result (Whether the Stanford library coreferences the pairs correctly or not)</li>
</ol>
</strong>
</p>
<p align="justify">
<strong><br>
I hand labeled the Result field. Initially for a paragraph of about 6 sentences, I got about 20000 pairs, which was too big a dataset for me to hand label, hence I cut down the text, and shortened some sentences. The text I finally used was:<br><br>
"Chicago is the third most populous city in the  United States . Its metropolitan area is sometimes called  Chicagoland. Chicago is the  seat  of  Cook County , a small part of the city extends into  DuPage County. It was incorporated as a city in 1837. Chicago is listed as an alpha+ global city. The best-known nicknames for the city include  Windy City  and  Second City. The City of Chicago was the fastest growing city in the world for several decades."
<br><br>
With this text I got about 300 pairs, for which I hand labeled the data with Y if the coreferencing is correct and N if it is not. 
</strong>
</p>

